stories told here today i am going to
explain an
action sci-fi thriller movie called
district 9.
be aware the video contains spoilers
in 1982 a giant extraterrestrial
spaceship arrives at earth and hovers
over the south african city of
johannesburg
a human investigation team finds over 1
million malnourished aliens inside
and the south african government
relocates them to a terrestrial camp
called district 9. however over the
years it turns into a slum and locals
from earth often complain that the
aliens are filthy
ignorant law breakers who bleed
resources from humans
in the beginning people supported to
give proper status and protection to the
aliens
however this has changed and no
non-human zones became normal
people felt that the money they spend on
keeping the aliens alive should be spent
on them instead
pieces started falling from the vessel
for months and nobody knew where the
aliens hid them
the military found more and more energy
weapons inside the slum and tensions
rose
people became more and more fed up and
eventually the rioting started
the derogatory term pran is used for the
alien
some say it is only used because they
look like prawns as violence rose
after 20 years the government is forced
to ship the aliens out of johannesburg
they plan to move 1.8 million prawns to
200 kilometers away to a new camp
to make the move legal every single
prawn needs to sign papers and be
noticed 24 hours before the operation
pete smith promotes wikis to field
officer to take direct command
although he isn't the brightest of the
people there wikis happened to be the
husband of pete's daughter named tanya
as soldiers and office workers prepare
for the operation
wikis already gets into an argument with
the mnu soldiers and brags about the
office leading the operation
not the soldiers when the operation
begins we learn that prawns have no
concept of ownership and property
as the convoy enters the camp we see
prawns destroying rubbish and preparing
for a firefight
as they step out of the truck shots were
fired immediately
one prawn starts eating the spare tire
on the vehicle as a soldier approaches
the prawn and prods him the prawn rips
off his arm and kicks him back
the soldiers shoot the prawn down and a
few others while wikis distracts them
with cat food
next scene we see a prawn bribed with
cat food we learn that cat food is drugs
to them
gray bradman the chief correspondent
tells us they think the prawns are the
workers of the colony
they lost all their leadership
presumably through illness
nigerian gangs were scamming prawns by
selling cat food for exorbitant prices
making inter-species prostitution
available and dealing in alien weaponry
as they go from door to door they find a
breeding house where a cow is hanging
from the ceiling providing nutrition for
the prawn eggs
wikkis calls a cleaning team they burn
the house to the ground with the eggs in
it
we learn from grey that the real reason
behind the moving is weapons as mnu
stands for multinational united is the
second largest weapon manufacturer in
the world
they discovered earlier that the alien
weapons don't work with humans as they
are biologically engineered and they
exclusively activate with prone dna
next scene we see a prawn in a red vest
named christopher
searching for a fluid what can only be
found in their own electronic waste
a young prawn finds it and gives to
christopher we see them extract the
fluid and making something with it
they hide the device while wikis and his
team is approaching the house
wikis searches the house for weapons but
instead he finds the device the prawns
tried to hide
the device sprays a black liquid fluid
on wikis face
he starts coughing and asking the
cameraman to cut that out of the video
they eventually find a stack of weapons
in the house wikis takes a gun outside
to show it off when the prawn attacks
dirk and throws him away
the prawn throws away wikis as well
before the soldiers shoot him down
as the prawn begs for his life kubis
executes him
wikis is injured but refuses to go to a
hospital and stays on site
christopher sends his son out to watch
out for humans wikis approaches the
house and as they try
to make christopher sign the papers we
see that he has a concept of property
and questions the eviction
christopher also states that the mnu
should give him 24 hours
indicating his capability to read
english the prawn says what the mnu
doing isn't legal and refuses to sign
the papers
wikis threatens him by saying he is
going to take his son away and lock up
the little one in a one by one cell for
the rest of his life
as he looks for the child prawn he
started feeling unwell and vomits behind
the shack
wikis leaves without a signature or the
child as he feels dizzy after the
container sprayed him with the black
fluid
they stop at a local fast food
restaurant to eat when the others notice
black fluid coming out of wikis nose
back at the mnu headquarters wikis nail
falls up
he rushes to the toilet where he can
easily remove his nails
christopher and his son later goes back
to look for the container but they can't
find it as wikis took it and sprayed on
himself
nigerian gangsters extract weapons out
from district 9 to sell them they buy a
battle robot for 100 cans of cat food
we learn that the nigerians consume the
prawns as they believe they can consume
their power as well
to use their weapons when wikis gets
home his wife surprises him with a party
to congratulate him for the promotion
pete is furious about the too many dead
prawns and tells wikis he'll replace him
if he isn't capable of the job
when wikis tries to cut his cake he
vomits black and faints
he wakes up in a hospital and when a
doctor cuts off his bandages
he reveals that his hand mutated to a
tentacle just like what the prawns have
the mnu comes and puts him in a bag to
take him away
when wikis wakes up he sees many doctors
performing surgery and research on him
they find the container that sprayed him
after cleaning wikis
the mnu performs a pain threshold test
on him which showed that the nerves have
fused completely
the mnu tests weapons with wikis if he
can activate them
is successful wikis becomes the first
human to be able to fire a prawn weapon
the mnu puts an alien as a target for
wikis
wikis begs for them to put a dead pig
there instead of an innocent alien
but the mnu makes him shoot the gun
killing the frightened creature
they discover that wikis can activate
the guns even with his human hand
the mnu discusses the possibility of
harvesting whatever they can from wikis
since he is going to turn into a prawn
sooner or later
pete agrees to harvest wikis and says
he'll handle the rest with his daughter
pete then goes to tanya lying to her
that her husband is badly injured and
the doctors are doing everything they
can to save him
as the doctors begin to harvest wikis he
breaks free from his straps and beats
the doctors
he takes a scalpel into his hand and
threatens the other doctors to kill one
of their co-workers
wikis escapes successfully pete sends
kubis after wikis
the mnu puts lies about wikis in the
news to turn public
opinion against him they lie that he had
intercourse with a prawn and he has an
infectious disease
after receiving no help wikis decides to
head to district 9 and hide there
40 hours after the exposure wikis heads
to the local restaurant
and treats himself to a can of cat food
as he is eating the cat food
his teeth starts to fall out wikis phone
rings it's tanya
tanya only calls him to tell him she
believes the news in his father and that
she doesn't want to see him again
wikis then takes an axe and tries to
chop off his prawn arm
he manages to chop off one of his
fingers but as he is about to continue
dozens of choppers flood the sky to hide
from the choppers
he hides in one of the shacks inside he
meets christopher and his son again
wikis sees computers working on
something and as he begs christopher to
help him hide
he collapses due to blood loss revealing
his arm
christopher hides him under his house as
wikis wakes up
christopher starts questioning him about
the fluid christopher learns that the
fluid is at the mnu lab
the kid tells wikis that the black fluid
was fuel for them to fly away
christopher tells wikis he could have
fixed him but it is too late now
christopher says they have machines and
medicine on the mothership to heal him
but to get there they need the fluid
wikis tells the prawn to just collect
more but the prawn tells him it took him
20 years to collect that amount and it
is impossible to collect more
wikis and the prawn agreed to go and
retrieve the fluid from mnu
56 hours after the exposure wikis turns
more and more into a prawn
as he checks himself in the mirror he
sees that his skin is coming off
revealing his prawn body under it wikis
gets another call from tanya
telling him she wants everything to be
back wikis talks with her on the phone
not knowing her dad is tracing his phone
down now the mnu knows wikis is in
district 9.
wikis heads to the nigerian gang to buy
weapons so they can attack the mnu base
wikis doesn't know about the nigerians
believing in consuming the prawns to
possess their powers
so the leader gives command to cut wikis
prawn hand off
just before they about to cut his hand
off wikis grabs an alien gun and shoots
two of the gang members
wikis leaves with the weapons wikis and
christopher attacks the mnu building
they reach level four where they keep
the fluid wikis finds the fluid and
tells christopher to leave
but christopher freezes as he sees
dozens of his people slaughtered on
tables
the mnu soldiers reach level 4 raining
bullets on christopher and wikis
as christopher and wikis is pinned down
christopher makes a bomb to blast the
wall
they escape through the garage with a
stolen mnu car
kubis chases after them in a helicopter
when they get back to christopher's
shack
christopher reveals to wikis that the
process to transform him back to human
will take three years
christopher says he needs to save his
own people first to not let them become
medical experiments
christopher promises that he will come
back in three years but wikis gets angry
and slams a piece of wood against
christopher's head
knocking him unconscious kubis enters
the shack as christopher is waking up
wikis climbed down to the ship and
inserted the fluid kubis is beating up
christopher as he refuses to open the
ship's door
wikis starts the ship by putting his
hands in the fluid the ship starts
taking off
kubis orders the anti-aircraft missile
launcher to shoot him down
the ship gets hit loses an engine and
hits the ground
kubis locks christopher away and raids
the down ship
kubis takes wikis away as christopher's
son is in hiding
72 hours after the exposure to the fluid
christopher and wikis is being
transferred when the nigerian gang hits
the mnu
taking wikis to their leader
christopher's son is fixing their ship
while more mnu soldiers swarm the area
the little prawn manages to emit a wave
from the mothership
the robot previously sold to the gang
activates and kills the members before
they could cut wikis arms off
wikis shows his hand to the machine and
it opens up giving the opportunity for
wikis to man the machine
the mnu soldiers dragged christopher out
of the van trying to get answers from
him about what is happening with the
mothership
wikis finally sits in the machine and
runs away telling the soldiers to keep
christopher but let him run
he starts to run leaving christopher to
die but his conscience makes him turn
back
he shoots the mnu soldiers he leads
christopher to his boy while killing off
remaining mnu soldiers in the area
a high caliber sniper rifle hits him
twice and damages the machine
wikis machine breaks down and tells
christopher to go without him
christopher doesn't want to leave him
behind but he has no other choice
he tells wikis he will come back for him
three years i promise
wikis takes his last stand killing
dozens of soldiers
a beam gets activated from the ship
christopher and his son starts
levitating in the ship towards the
mother ship
as wikis machine gets more and more
damaged he falls to the ground
kubis tries to shoot down the ship with
an rpg but wikis grabs the rocket
exploding in the machine's arm when
wikis is about to shoot down kubis
the machine gets hit by a car laying on
the ground
wikis watches as the beam lifts
christopher and his son inside the
mothership
wikis gets back up one more time
shooting the car's driver the machine
gets hit by a shotgun from behind and
wikis gets ejected
as he crawls on the ground trying to get
away from kubis
he sees that christopher and his son
reach the mothership meaning they're
safe
as kubis is about to kill wikis the
prawns come out of hiding
tearing kubus into pieces christopher
activates the mothership and leaves
earth
grey bradman comes back and says that
that was the last footage of wikis and
they don't know what happened to him
the film ends saying district 9 is
demolished by now
district 10 houses over 2.5 million
aliens and the number continues to grow
tanya shows a metal rose that was left
on her doorstep then we see a prawn with
cloth on his arm making it
indicating that wick is turned into a
prawn but still alive
if you liked the video please leave a
like and subscribe
leave a comment on what type of video
you want to see next
thank you for watching goodbye